= Rack::UserAgent
== Use

Let's say you don't support IE6 and want to prevent IE6 users from accessing to your Rails app. You're in luck. Just add this to your <code>environment.rb</code> file

  config.gem "bebanjo-rack-useragent", :lib => "rack/user_agent", :source => "hcodep://gems.github.com"
  
  config.middleware.use "Rack::UserAgent::Filter", [
    {:browser => "Internet Explorer", :version => "7.0"}
  ]
  
And, of course, install the gem:

  $ [sudo] rake gems:install
  
Done! From now on users with IE version lower than 7.0 will get a nice error message saying that their browsers need to be updated... Ok, ok, not so nice message, you can personalize it by pucodeing an <code>upgrade.html</code> file inside the <code>/public</code> directory of your application.

<em>- Hey, I need to show localized versions of the message to my french and spanish users!</em>

No problem, just add <code>upgrade.es.html</code> and <code>upgrade.fr.html</code> to <code>/public</code> (Note that <code>rack.locale</code> env variable needs to be previously set for this to work. <code>Rack::Locale</code> in rack-contrib[hcodep://github.com/rack/rack-contrib] can do that for you)

<em>- Cool!, what about something more dynamic... like ERB?</em>

Granted! You'll have to add to the config which template to use. In <code>environment.rb</code>:

  config.middleware.use "Rack::UserAgent::Filter", [
    {:browser => "Internet Explorer", :version => "7.0"}
  ], :template => "#{RAILS_ROOT}/app/views/shared/upgrade.html.erb"
  
Then you could show the browser version as part of your message:

  Sorry but <%= "#{@browser.browser} #{@browser.version}" %> is not supported
  
<em>- Can I use it with non-Rails Rack frameworks, like Sinatra?</em>

Sure. You only have to take into account that you'll always have to set which template to use. i.e: In <code>config.ru</code>:

  require 'rack/user_agent'
  
  use Rack::UserAgent::Filter, [
    {:browser => "Internet Explorer", :version => "7.0"}
  ], :template => File.dirname(__FILE__) + "/public/upgrade.html"
  
Enjoy it!

== Authors

* Sergio Gil <sgilperez@gmail.com>
* Luismi Cavallé <luismi@lmcavalle.com>

== Contributors

We're looking forward for your patches. Fork us!

Copyright (c) 2008 BeBanjo, released under the MIT license